electrumabc_plugins/trezor/firmware/README.md, before:

# eCash Trezor firmware

The firmwares in this folder have been built from [Bitcoin ABC ecash-trezor-firmware repository](https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/ecash-trezor-firmware).

The build is deterministic when using docker.
Select the version you want to build by using the tag `ecash/legacy_<version>` for the Trezor One or `ecash/<version>` for any other Trezor device.

In the example below we are building the version 2.8.9 for the Trezor T (T2T1), the Safe 3 (T2B1 and T3B1) and Safe 5 (T3T1) devices:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/ecash-trezor-firmware.git
cd ecash-trezor-firmware
PRODUCTION=0 ./build-docker.sh --skip-bitcoinonly --models T2B1,T2T1,T3B1,T3T1 ecash/2.8.9
```

In this other example we are building the legacy firmware 1.13.1 for the Trezor One (T1B1):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/ecash-trezor-firmware.git
cd ecash-trezor-firmware
PRODUCTION=0 ./build-docker.sh --skip-bitcoinonly --models T1B1 ecash/legacy_1.13.1
```

The firmware files will be placed in `build/core-<model>/firmware/firmware.bin` (or `build/legacy-T1B1/firmware/firmware.bin` for the Trezor One).

The fingerprints are printed for each firmware file so you can compare against
the fingerprint of the firmwares shipping with Electrum ABC. You can extract
the fingerprint from a built firmware file using this command from the root of
the `ecash-trezor-firmware` repository:

```bash
./core/tools/trezor_core_tools/headertool.py <path to firmware>
```

Commit message:

[electrum] Remove support for the custom firmware on Trezor One
Summary:
The One is known to have compatibility issues on some devices with the latest trezorlib version. Deploying a custom firmware for this device that is not sold anymore and use a separate codebase will be a maintenance burden and is not worth the cost.
Also this device is old enough that it is very difficult to properly test it with all the versions that are available in the wild, so it's likely to generate a lot support requests.
The firmware remains available if people want to build it but this diff removes it from the Electrum distribution so that it is not officially supported.

Test Plan: Read the doc and check the file is no longer shipped.

Reviewers: #bitcoin_abc, PiRK

Reviewed By: #bitcoin_abc, PiRK

Differential Revision: https://reviews.bitcoinabc.org/D18115

electrumabc_plugins/trezor/firmware/README.md, after:

# eCash Trezor firmware

The firmwares in this folder have been built from [Bitcoin ABC ecash-trezor-firmware repository](https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/ecash-trezor-firmware).

The build is deterministic when using docker.
Select the version you want to build by using the tag `ecash/legacy_<version>` for the Trezor One or `ecash/<version>` for any other Trezor device.

In the example below we are building the version 2.8.9 for the Trezor T (T2T1), the Safe 3 (T2B1 and T3B1) and Safe 5 (T3T1) devices:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/ecash-trezor-firmware.git
cd ecash-trezor-firmware
PRODUCTION=0 ./build-docker.sh --skip-bitcoinonly --models T2B1,T2T1,T3B1,T3T1 ecash/2.8.9
```

In this other example we are building the legacy firmware 1.13.1 for the Trezor One (T1B1):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/ecash-trezor-firmware.git
cd ecash-trezor-firmware
PRODUCTION=0 ./build-docker.sh --skip-bitcoinonly --models T1B1 ecash/legacy_1.13.1
```

The firmware files will be placed in `build/core-<model>/firmware/firmware.bin` (or `build/legacy-T1B1/firmware/firmware.bin` for the Trezor One).

*Note:* The Trezor One firmware is not shipped as part of Electrum ABC and is not officially supported.

The fingerprints are printed for each firmware file so you can compare against
the fingerprint of the firmwares shipping with Electrum ABC. You can extract
the fingerprint from a built firmware file using this command from the root of
the `ecash-trezor-firmware` repository:

```bash
./core/tools/trezor_core_tools/headertool.py <path to firmware>
```
